Caches PhysX view's joint paths when processing fixed articulation tendons (#1347)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: source/extensions/omni.isaac.lab/docs/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.27.8 (2024-10-30)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Changed
^^^^^^^

> * Cache PhysX view's DOF paths before looping when processing fixed articulation tendons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cached the PhysX view's joint paths before looping over them when processing fixed joint tendons
  inside the :class:`Articulation` class. This helps improve the processing time for the tendons.
```

Changelog
---------

0.27.10 (2024-11-01)

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```
